README.md, before:

# Team Topologies web plugin for Miro

With this plugin users can build Team Topologies ([teamtopologies.com](https://teamtopologies.com)).

_This plugin was created by curiosity, it is not ready for production [yet]._

# How it works

You can try the plugin durectly using this URL: https://miro.com/oauth/authorize/?response_type=code&client_id=3074457356139930746&redirect_uri=%2Fconfirm-app-install%2F

Setup the Team Topologies icon from your library
![Find the Team Topologies icon from your library](https://malparty.github.io/miro-team-topologies/readme-img/001.import_from_library.gif)

Start to drag&drop the shapes you need:
![Start Drag & Drop the needed shapes](https://malparty.github.io/miro-team-topologies/readme-img/002.Start_drag_and_drop.gif)

Once the needed shapes are in your whiteboard, you can edit them as much as you want (since these are standard Miro shapes):
![Standard shapes are fully editable](https://malparty.github.io/miro-team-topologies/readme-img/003.Standard_Miro_shapes_fully_editable.gif)

Get useful information by clicking on a Team Topologies widget from your board.
![Useful info available on click](https://malparty.github.io/miro-team-topologies/readme-img/004-get-useful-info.gif)

# How to build

You will need Webpack-cli install globally with npm ENV VAR set.

- Run `npm install`
- Replace `CLIENT_ID` in [`src/config.ts`](src/config.ts) file _(You can get your own *CLIENT_ID* in Miro app settings)_.
- Run `npm run build` or `npm run watch` to compile the plugin

_development_

- Run serve the app `npx serve -p 8081`
- Run `ngrok` using `npx ngrok http 8081`
- Get https url from _ngrok_ and paste it in `iframe url` in your app settings.
  _run/release_
- upload html files and dist folder under a **https** server
- copy the index.html URL (https required) and paste it in `iframe url` in your app settings.

Commit message:

Update readme with better credits and licencing info.

README.md, after:

# Team Topologies web plugin for Miro

This plugin provide you ready-to-use shapes to build ([Team Topologies](https://teamtopologies.com)).

Based on some of the ideas in the book Team Topologies by Matthew Skelton [@matthewskelton](https://github.com/matthewskelton) and Manuel Pais [@manupaisable](https://github.com/manupaisable).
Trying to align with the templates available in [this repo](https://github.com/TeamTopologies/Team-Shape-Templates#available-team-shapes)

> See [teamtopologies.com](https://teamtopologies.com) for more details about Team Topologies.

> Copyright © 2018-2021 [Team Topologies](https://teamtopologies.com) - Licenced under [CC BY-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) ![CC BY-SA 4.0](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/15caa29e1c1eee97bbc907cf2c3bc05d89bdd029af302d0baceea292a68aa56c/68747470733a2f2f6c6963656e7365627574746f6e732e6e65742f6c2f62792d73612f332e302f38387833312e706e67)

# How it works

You can try the plugin durectly using this URL: https://miro.com/oauth/authorize/?response_type=code&client_id=3074457356139930746&redirect_uri=%2Fconfirm-app-install%2F

Setup the Team Topologies icon from your library
![Find the Team Topologies icon from your library](https://malparty.github.io/miro-team-topologies/readme-img/001.import_from_library.gif)

Start to drag&drop the shapes you need:
![Start Drag & Drop the needed shapes](https://malparty.github.io/miro-team-topologies/readme-img/002.Start_drag_and_drop.gif)

Once the needed shapes are in your whiteboard, you can edit them as much as you want (since these are standard Miro shapes):
![Standard shapes are fully editable](https://malparty.github.io/miro-team-topologies/readme-img/003.Standard_Miro_shapes_fully_editable.gif)

# How to build

You will need Webpack-cli install globally with npm ENV VAR set.

- Run `npm install`
- Replace `CLIENT_ID` in [`src/config.ts`](src/config.ts) file _(You can get your own *CLIENT_ID* in Miro app settings)_.
- Run `npm run build` or `npm run watch` to compile the plugin

_development_

- Run serve the app `npx serve -p 8081`
- Run `ngrok` using `npx ngrok http 8081`
- Get https url from _ngrok_ and paste it in `iframe url` in your app settings.
  _run/release_
- upload html files and dist folder under a **https** server
- copy the index.html URL (https required) and paste it in `iframe url` in your app settings.
